feat: add phone number validation to user APIs (#5882)
logto-io/logto: .changeset/big-games-deny.md

---
"@logto/integration-tests": minor
"@logto/experience": minor
"@logto/console": minor
"@logto/shared": minor
"@logto/core": minor
---

> add phone number validation/parser to ensure valid format when updating existing users' primary phone or creating new users with a phone number

Reviewer: add phone number validation and parsing to ensure the correct format when updating an existing user’s primary phone number or creating a new user with a phone number

> add phone number validation/parser to ensure valid format when updating existing users' primary phone or creating new users with a phone number

Reviewer: ```suggestion
add phone number validation and parsing to ensure the correct format when updating an existing user’s primary phone number or creating a new user with a phone number
```
